this is a video of all my rep Chows my
reptile collection I was looking on
YouTube and a bunch of people have
videos of their reptile collection and I
was just like I should have one so here
is my first blizzard her name is torch
yeah this is torch she is a leopard
gecko she's trying to run right now
because it is nighttime and she doesn't
like being handled she bit me
haha ok she's being angry over here we
have to we have our other leopard gecko
ray Mona she is older she likes being
held she um lost her tail as you can see
this is Ramona she says hi she's going
to like you okay now she doesn't want to
look she doesn't want to give you a
reptile kiss go in the cage over here
dragon its name is sharpie it's a juvie
it's tiny
yes she loves you and then she has her
tail which has not fallen off I'm glad
for that is my rock collection my two
then what over here is still making that
nasally Izzy noise which bothers me